Improve the Getting Started Page (#286)
TalonCommunity/Wiki: docs/Quickstart/getting_started.md

:::note

You can also install and run Talon by following the [official installation instructions](https://talonvoice.com/docs/). This info supplements that page.

:::

## 1: [Download Talon](https://talonvoice.com/)

<details>
  <summary>Notes for Linux Users</summary>
  - Talon, like many tools for automation or accessibility, __does not support Wayland__
     - You will have to select an X11 session from your login manager.
    - This is supported by Gnome and Plasma and many others, but some environments like sway are explicitly Wayland-only.
-  To install the speech engine, you must use Talon's tray icon:
   * If you use stock Gnome, you need to install [AppIndicator and KStatusNotifierItem Support](https://extensions.gnome.org/extension/615/appindicator-support/) to see it

>    * If you use i3 or don't have a system tray, install [snixembed](https://git.sr.ht/~steef/snixembed) for a lightweight system tray.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * If you use i3 or a system tray that doesn't support the `StatusNotifierItem` protocol, install [snixembed](https://git.sr.ht/~steef/snixembed) to add support. 
```

I'm only being pedantic here because snixembed technically isn't a system tray, and we've had users who want to run without a system tray before.

Author: Thanks! That is totally reasonable
